; Description.txt

Astroswab:
One day it just happened: Giant, flaming rocks swirling through the atmosphere and crushing everything in their path! There is talk of an alien invasion - people claim to have seen flying saucers and hi-tech guided missiles. Who can we depend on to swab the sky clean of danger? You guessed it... Swabby is back!

The objective of the game is to score as many points as possible. You guide Swabby the snail through different areas of increasing difficulty, while shooting down asteroids, missiles and even the occasional UFO. Be sure to grab the juice, cakes and other bakery goodies – they will boost your score and make Swabby shoot even faster. Don’t let the flaming asteroids (the so-called spinners) reach the ground!

Please refer to the included instructions sheet for full details on scoring, controls and helpful hints.

Controls:
Move Swabby left or right with the d-pad. Press button 1 to fire. Pause and reset the game with the corresponding buttons on the console.

On the high score list, browse through the letters with the d-pad, type a letter with button 1 and backspace with button 2.

Highlights:
*) Random scene selection creating up to 54 unique playthrough experiences.
*) 100% homebrewn assembler code, graphics and sound.
*) Battery-backed, 10 position high score table with initials input.
*) Swabby is back - this time with quick, upgradeable shooting abilities.

The following modifiers apply :)
Cover art included   = + 20% awesomeness!
Source code included = + 256% awesomeness!

Astroswab is an unlicensed Sega Master System homebrew created for the SMS-Power coding competition in 2018. It is based on the Astroblast game for the Atari 2600, fused together with homebrew hero Swabby the Snail.

Credits:
Anders	  - Concept, code, music, graphics
Lasse	    - Graphics, playtesting

Greetings:
Maxim	    - BMP2Tile tool
sverx	    - PSGLib sound library and vgm2psg tool
Calindro	- Emulicious emulator
Bock	    - Meka emulator
Kagesan	  - Screen fading routines
SMS-Power	- Community, resources and support
